OPSEXP-1238 External ActiveMQ (#273)
Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment: docs/deployment-guide.md

Please refer to the [Configuring Databases](https://docs.alfresco.com/content-services/latest/config/databases/) documentation for more detailed information.

### External ActiveMQ

This playbook provides support for a single host declared inside the `activemq`
group that will deploy and configure an ActiveMQ instance that is suitable for
testing/evaluation only (no failover and default credentials).

It's strongly suggested that you provide your own ActiveMQ instance by defining

> into the inventory file exactly one host into to `external_activemq` group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the inventory file, exactly one host as a member of the `external_activemq` group
```

(nested inside the `external` group) as follows:

```yaml

> all:
>   children:
>     external:
>       children:
>         external_activemq:
>           hosts:
>             whatever.mq.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com:
>               activemq_username: alfresco
>               activemq_password: alfresco
>               activemq_port: 61617

Reviewer: I think the below is more readable and easier to amend.
```suggestion
all:
  children:
    external_activemq:
      hosts:
        whatever.mq.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com:
          activemq_username: alfresco
          activemq_password: alfresco
          activemq_port: 61617
    external:
      children:
        external_activemq
```

```

Every hosts under the `external` group is not directly managed by the acs

> playbook and is present in the inventory just for being referenced into the
> playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
playbook and is required in the inventory just for the sake of architecture description.
```
